['Workday Are you looking for an on-campus job? Workday is the platform for students to look for on-campus jobs and to access their employment information. Please refer to the Student Pages on the top menu to learn more about student employment. Go to Workday Now! Do you manage student employees? Supervisors, to post jobs for students, hire students, and/or approve student timesheets, you will need to request job management, “JM”, access. ________________________________________________ Request JM Access Helpful Guides for Workday Guides for StudentsGuides for Supervisors Quick Tips – Getting Started Complete the Form I-9 Apply for a Work Study Job Apply for a non Work Study Job Submit Time Submit Time for CA Students Check Work Study Award Balance Submitting Tax Documents Set Up Workday Mobile for Android Set Up Workday Mobile For Apple Access Payslips Navigate Workday Manage Workday Inbox How to Set up Direct Deposit Workday Glossary 2024 Student Payroll Dates Approve a Student Timesheet Create/Manage Job Requisitions Hire a Student Check a Student’s Work Study Award Status Manage Delegate Assignments Promote a Team Member Switch Primary Job Set Up Onboarding for New Hire Manage Team Member Termination Assign Payroll Costing Allocation Correct a Compensation Plan SEO Pay Range Descriptions 2024 Student Payroll Dates Frequently Asked Questions How can I apply for jobs? Go to Workday and search “Jobs and Career Hub”, then select “Student Employment” and click on NU Find Student Jobs. Why is my application automatically rejected? Students may be rejected from a job if they are not qualified, or if another candidate was more suitable for the position. Hiring managers make the final hiring decision. If you believe your applications are being rejected in error, please contact us. When can new students apply for jobs? Most incoming students will gain access to Workday 20 days prior to the start of their program. If you still do not have access to Workday by then, please contact our office. How can I view my paystubs? To view your 2023 paystub history go to Workday and search\xa0“My Payslip” in the search bar. To access paystub history prior to 2022, please navigate to\xa0Student Hub –> My Links –> Financial Services –> Student Employee Self Service and search “Pay Slips”. How can I update my withholdings/tax elections? The W-4 is defaulted to 0 withholdings for student employees at Northeastern, but you can make changes if you wish. Go to Workday and search “Withholding Elections” in the search bar. Select the ‘Update’ button to be brought to the menu where you can change the number of withholdings or exempt yourself from income tax (if you think the exemption is applicable). Why am I unable to submit my timesheet? Students are paid with bi-weekly pay schedule. Every pay week, the timesheet will be temporarily locked for processing payroll. If you have trouble entering time, please try again on Friday. Make sure you enter your hours by 10AM Sunday morning every week so you can get paid on time. FollowFollowFollowFollow Contact Us', 'Workday Are you looking for an on-campus job? Workday is the platform for students to look for on-campus jobs and to access their employment information. Please refer to the Student Pages on the top menu to learn more about student employment. Go to Workday Now! Do you manage student employees? Supervisors, to post jobs for students, hire students, and/or approve student timesheets, you will need to request job management, “JM”, access. ________________________________________________ Request JM Access Helpful Guides for Workday Guides for StudentsGuides for Supervisors Quick Tips – Getting Started Complete the Form I-9 Apply for a Work Study Job Apply for a non Work Study Job Submit Time Submit Time for CA Students Check Work Study Award Balance Submitting Tax Documents Set Up Workday Mobile for Android Set Up Workday Mobile For Apple Access Payslips Navigate Workday Manage Workday Inbox How to Set up Direct Deposit Workday Glossary 2024 Student Payroll Dates Approve a Student Timesheet Create/Manage Job Requisitions Hire a Student Check a Student’s Work Study Award Status Manage Delegate Assignments Promote a Team Member Switch Primary Job Set Up Onboarding for New Hire Manage Team Member Termination Assign Payroll Costing Allocation Correct a Compensation Plan SEO Pay Range Descriptions 2024 Student Payroll Dates Frequently Asked Questions How can I apply for jobs? Go to Workday and search “Jobs and Career Hub”, then select “Student Employment” and click on NU Find Student Jobs. Why is my application automatically rejected? Students may be rejected from a job if they are not qualified, or if another candidate was more suitable for the position. Hiring managers make the final hiring decision. If you believe your applications are being rejected in error, please contact us. When can new students apply for jobs? Most incoming students will gain access to Workday 20 days prior to the start of their program. If you still do not have access to Workday by then, please contact our office. How can I view my paystubs? To view your 2023 paystub history go to Workday and search\xa0“My Payslip” in the search bar. To access paystub history prior to 2022, please navigate to\xa0Student Hub –> My Links –> Financial Services –> Student Employee Self Service and search “Pay Slips”. How can I update my withholdings/tax elections? The W-4 is defaulted to 0 withholdings for student employees at Northeastern, but you can make changes if you wish. Go to Workday and search “Withholding Elections” in the search bar. Select the ‘Update’ button to be brought to the menu where you can change the number of withholdings or exempt yourself from income tax (if you think the exemption is applicable). Why am I unable to submit my timesheet? Students are paid with bi-weekly pay schedule. Every pay week, the timesheet will be temporarily locked for processing payroll. If you have trouble entering time, please try again on Friday. Make sure you enter your hours by 10AM Sunday morning every week so you can get paid on time. FollowFollowFollowFollow Contact Us', 'Workday', 'Helpful Guides for Workday', 'Quick Tips – Getting Started Complete the Form I-9 Apply for a Work Study Job Apply for a non Work Study Job Submit Time Submit Time for CA Students Check Work Study Award Balance Submitting Tax Documents Set Up Workday Mobile for Android Set Up Workday Mobile For Apple Access Payslips Navigate Workday Manage Workday Inbox How to Set up Direct Deposit Workday Glossary 2024 Student Payroll Dates', 'Quick Tips – Getting Started Complete the Form I-9 Apply for a Work Study Job Apply for a non Work Study Job Submit Time Submit Time for CA Students Check Work Study Award Balance Submitting Tax Documents Set Up Workday Mobile for Android Set Up Workday Mobile For Apple Access Payslips Navigate Workday Manage Workday Inbox How to Set up Direct Deposit Workday Glossary 2024 Student Payroll Dates', 'Approve a Student Timesheet Create/Manage Job Requisitions Hire a Student Check a Student’s Work Study Award Status Manage Delegate Assignments Promote a Team Member Switch Primary Job Set Up Onboarding for New Hire Manage Team Member Termination Assign Payroll Costing Allocation Correct a Compensation Plan SEO Pay Range Descriptions 2024 Student Payroll Dates', 'Frequently Asked Questions', 'How can I apply for jobs?', 'Go to Workday and search “Jobs and Career Hub”, then select “Student Employment” and click on NU Find Student Jobs.', 'Why is my application automatically rejected?', 'Students may be rejected from a job if they are not qualified, or if another candidate was more suitable for the position. Hiring managers make the final hiring decision. If you believe your applications are being rejected in error, please contact us.', 'When can new students apply for jobs?', 'Most incoming students will gain access to Workday 20 days prior to the start of their program. If you still do not have access to Workday by then, please contact our office.', 'How can I view my paystubs?', 'To view your 2023 paystub history go to Workday and search\xa0“My Payslip” in the search bar. To access paystub history prior to 2022, please navigate to\xa0Student Hub –> My Links –> Financial Services –> Student Employee Self Service and search “Pay Slips”.', 'How can I update my withholdings/tax elections?', 'The W-4 is defaulted to 0 withholdings for student employees at Northeastern, but you can make changes if you wish. Go to Workday and search “Withholding Elections” in the search bar. Select the ‘Update’ button to be brought to the menu where you can change the number of withholdings or exempt yourself from income tax (if you think the exemption is applicable).', 'Why am I unable to submit my timesheet?', 'Students are paid with bi-weekly pay schedule. Every pay week, the timesheet will be temporarily locked for processing payroll. If you have trouble entering time, please try again on Friday. Make sure you enter your hours by 10AM Sunday morning every week so you can get paid on time.', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you.', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure']
["For Employers For Employers We are your on campus staffing and temping agency Our talent pool is made up of professionals who are pursuing advanced degrees at Northeastern University. We are your in-house alternative to external temp agencies. We can connect you with student-professionals for your short-term, long-term, and project-based work. Consider NU Student Temps to address gaps in coverage due to staff turnover or time away. We’re also a great option if you just need some extra help around the office! We are committed to enhancing the Northeastern community by connecting qualified applicants with meaningful employment opportunities on-campus. Fees We charge the employing department a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by an NU Student Temp. This fee is in addition to the student’s hourly wage. Our staff does the work of sourcing, recruiting, and screening applicants. Revenue generated by the program is reinvested in the Northeastern community through the creation of scholarships for Northeastern University students. REQUEST A STUDENT TEMP \u3000\u3000\u3000CONTACT US\u3000\u3000\u3000 We do it all! Sourcing, interviewing, and hiring We’ll even get you and your new hire set up in Workday — all you have to do is approve the student’s timesheets. \uf4fc Our talent pool is made of professionals pursuing advanced degrees. \uf2ea Flexible staffing. Hire students for hours, weeks, or semesters. \uf0c0 Quick turnover. Find the right student within two weeks or sooner. \uf662 Our service fee is only $5/hour\xa0worked by the student. How the Service Works ①\u3000Complete \u3000 Request Form ⭧ Complete our request form. ②\u3000Discussing \u3000 and Sourcing We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants. ③\u3000Selecting \u3000 Candidates We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review. \uf30b \uf30b ④\u3000Hiring Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire. ⑤\u3000Supervising You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets. ⑥\u3000Wages & Fee Our department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student. Please note that we are unable to source candidates for Work-Study-funded positions. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Your department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student. How the Service Works Please note that we are unable to source candidates for Work-Study-funded positions. ① Complete Request Form Tap Here ② Discussing and Sourcing We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants. ③ Selecting Candidates We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review. ④ Hiring Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire. ⑤ Supervising You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets. ⑥ Wages & Fee Your department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student. This is who we are! \uf87c Grow your digital presence with the help of graphic designers and marketing experts. \ue090 Starting on a new project? Juggling too many projects? Let a project manager help. \ue06b Build or update your website or app with our developers and designers. \ue080 Need data entered, cleaned, or analyzed? We have data migration, visualization and analysis experts. We place experienced students across a range of roles REQUEST A STUDENT TEMP Sample Profiles Employer Review “…stellar job on recruiting, truly – remarkably consistent…Thank you for everything; I cannot emphasize in strong enough terms how reliably amazing you guys are at recruiting.” Employer Review The Accounting Department has employed several NU Student Temps in the last couple of years. It has been a game changer. These students are extremely bright, hard-working and have great attitudes. They have consistently exceeded my expectations. We hire students with “technical” and “accounting” backgrounds; each of them not only have performed well, but brought something additional to the table. These students are SMART!!! It really is a valuable resource here at the University. -Angela Miller Employer Review The NU Student Temps program really impressed us with their ability to quickly refer several candidates that had the right experience for the job. We could not have been happier with the ability and enthusiasm with which Bhavya stepped into a very fast-paced project and immediately contributed to our success. -CJ Grasso, Associate Director for Research, Global Resilience Institute Close Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you. Frequently Asked Questions What kinds of jobs do you fill? We source candidates for on-campus, part-time employment. This includes one-time, multi-day, project-based, and multi-semester placements. Students may not work more than 20 hours/week while classes are in session. What is the turnaround time? Turnaround time depends on the nature of the position. For positions requiring a higher level of skill or a unique skillset, our staff will need additional time to carefully source your candidates. How did the program get started? The NU Student Temps program was developed to bridge the gap between work opportunities and our student population. Many of our students come to us with years of experience. They are capable, reliable, and eager to work. Why is there a service fee? The NU Student Temps program staff does the work of sourcing, recruiting, and screening applicants. Revenue generated by the service is used to fund scholarships for Northeastern University students. What's the difference between NU Student Temps and general student employment? The NU Student Temps program does the work for you—we’ll find qualified applicants and forward them to you for direct placement, or for your final review. Then, we’ll process the hire. In contrast, general student employment requires you to advertise your position, review resumes, interview candidates, process the hires, and respond to all applicants. We’re Here Whenever You Need Us \uf0e0 Email nustudenttemps@northeastern.edu \ue0c8 Instagram @nustudenttemps \ue0cb Linkedin company/nu-student-temps", "For Employers For Employers We are your on campus staffing and temping agency Our talent pool is made up of professionals who are pursuing advanced degrees at Northeastern University. We are your in-house alternative to external temp agencies. We can connect you with student-professionals for your short-term, long-term, and project-based work. Consider NU Student Temps to address gaps in coverage due to staff turnover or time away. We’re also a great option if you just need some extra help around the office! We are committed to enhancing the Northeastern community by connecting qualified applicants with meaningful employment opportunities on-campus. Fees We charge the employing department a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by an NU Student Temp. This fee is in addition to the student’s hourly wage. Our staff does the work of sourcing, recruiting, and screening applicants. Revenue generated by the program is reinvested in the Northeastern community through the creation of scholarships for Northeastern University students. REQUEST A STUDENT TEMP \u3000\u3000\u3000CONTACT US\u3000\u3000\u3000 We do it all! Sourcing, interviewing, and hiring We’ll even get you and your new hire set up in Workday — all you have to do is approve the student’s timesheets. \uf4fc Our talent pool is made of professionals pursuing advanced degrees. \uf2ea Flexible staffing. Hire students for hours, weeks, or semesters. \uf0c0 Quick turnover. Find the right student within two weeks or sooner. \uf662 Our service fee is only $5/hour\xa0worked by the student. How the Service Works ①\u3000Complete \u3000 Request Form ⭧ Complete our request form. ②\u3000Discussing \u3000 and Sourcing We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants. ③\u3000Selecting \u3000 Candidates We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review. \uf30b \uf30b ④\u3000Hiring Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire. ⑤\u3000Supervising You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets. ⑥\u3000Wages & Fee Our department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student. Please note that we are unable to source candidates for Work-Study-funded positions. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Your department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student. How the Service Works Please note that we are unable to source candidates for Work-Study-funded positions. ① Complete Request Form Tap Here ② Discussing and Sourcing We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants. ③ Selecting Candidates We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review. ④ Hiring Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire. ⑤ Supervising You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets. ⑥ Wages & Fee Your department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student. This is who we are! \uf87c Grow your digital presence with the help of graphic designers and marketing experts. \ue090 Starting on a new project? Juggling too many projects? Let a project manager help. \ue06b Build or update your website or app with our developers and designers. \ue080 Need data entered, cleaned, or analyzed? We have data migration, visualization and analysis experts. We place experienced students across a range of roles REQUEST A STUDENT TEMP Sample Profiles Employer Review “…stellar job on recruiting, truly – remarkably consistent…Thank you for everything; I cannot emphasize in strong enough terms how reliably amazing you guys are at recruiting.” Employer Review The Accounting Department has employed several NU Student Temps in the last couple of years. It has been a game changer. These students are extremely bright, hard-working and have great attitudes. They have consistently exceeded my expectations. We hire students with “technical” and “accounting” backgrounds; each of them not only have performed well, but brought something additional to the table. These students are SMART!!! It really is a valuable resource here at the University. -Angela Miller Employer Review The NU Student Temps program really impressed us with their ability to quickly refer several candidates that had the right experience for the job. We could not have been happier with the ability and enthusiasm with which Bhavya stepped into a very fast-paced project and immediately contributed to our success. -CJ Grasso, Associate Director for Research, Global Resilience Institute Close Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you. Frequently Asked Questions What kinds of jobs do you fill? We source candidates for on-campus, part-time employment. This includes one-time, multi-day, project-based, and multi-semester placements. Students may not work more than 20 hours/week while classes are in session. What is the turnaround time? Turnaround time depends on the nature of the position. For positions requiring a higher level of skill or a unique skillset, our staff will need additional time to carefully source your candidates. How did the program get started? The NU Student Temps program was developed to bridge the gap between work opportunities and our student population. Many of our students come to us with years of experience. They are capable, reliable, and eager to work. Why is there a service fee? The NU Student Temps program staff does the work of sourcing, recruiting, and screening applicants. Revenue generated by the service is used to fund scholarships for Northeastern University students. What's the difference between NU Student Temps and general student employment? The NU Student Temps program does the work for you—we’ll find qualified applicants and forward them to you for direct placement, or for your final review. Then, we’ll process the hire. In contrast, general student employment requires you to advertise your position, review resumes, interview candidates, process the hires, and respond to all applicants. We’re Here Whenever You Need Us \uf0e0 Email nustudenttemps@northeastern.edu \ue0c8 Instagram @nustudenttemps \ue0cb Linkedin company/nu-student-temps", 'For Employers', 'For Employers', 'We are your on campus staffing and temping agency', 'Our talent pool is made up of professionals who are pursuing advanced degrees at Northeastern University. We are your in-house alternative to external temp agencies. We can connect you with student-professionals for your short-term, long-term, and project-based work. Consider NU Student Temps to address gaps in coverage due to staff turnover or time away. We’re also a great option if you just need some extra help around the office! We are committed to enhancing the Northeastern community by connecting qualified applicants with meaningful employment opportunities on-campus.', 'Fees', 'We charge the employing department a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by an NU Student Temp. This fee is in addition to the student’s hourly wage. Our staff does the work of sourcing, recruiting, and screening applicants. Revenue generated by the program is reinvested in the Northeastern community through the creation of scholarships for Northeastern University students.', 'We do it all! Sourcing, interviewing, and hiring', 'We’ll even get you and your new hire set up in Workday — all you have to do is approve the student’s timesheets.', '\uf4fc Our talent pool is made of professionals pursuing advanced degrees.', '\uf2ea Flexible staffing. Hire students for hours, weeks, or semesters.', '\uf0c0 Quick turnover. Find the right student within two weeks or sooner.', '\uf662 Our service fee is only $5/hour\xa0worked by the student.', 'How the Service Works', '①\u3000Complete \u3000 Request Form ⭧', 'Complete our request form.', '②\u3000Discussing \u3000 and Sourcing', 'We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants.', '③\u3000Selecting \u3000 Candidates', 'We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review.', '④\u3000Hiring', 'Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire.', '⑤\u3000Supervising', 'You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets.', '⑥\u3000Wages & Fee', 'Our department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student.', 'Please note that we are unable to source candidates for Work-Study-funded positions.', 'Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire.', 'Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire.', 'We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants.', 'We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants.', 'You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets.', 'You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets.', 'We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review.', 'We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review.', 'Your department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student.', 'Your department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student.', 'How the Service Works', 'Please note that we are unable to source candidates for Work-Study-funded positions.', '① Complete Request Form', '② Discussing and Sourcing', 'We’ll contact you with any questions and begin sourcing qualified applicants.', '③ Selecting Candidates', 'We can then place candidates directly, or send a select few for your review.', '④ Hiring', 'Once a candidate is selected, we’ll process the hire.', '⑤ Supervising', 'You’ll be responsible for supervising the student and approving their timesheets.', '⑥ Wages & Fee', 'Your department will be billed for the student’s hourly wages, plus a service fee of $5 for every hour worked by the student.', 'This is who we are!', '\uf87c Grow your digital presence with the help of graphic designers and marketing experts.', '\ue090 Starting on a new project? Juggling too many projects? Let a project manager help.', '\ue06b Build or update your website or app with our developers and designers.', '\ue080 Need data entered, cleaned, or analyzed? We have data migration, visualization and analysis experts.', 'We place experienced students across a range of roles', 'Sample Profiles', 'Employer Review', '“…stellar job on recruiting, truly – remarkably consistent…Thank you for everything; I cannot emphasize in strong enough terms how reliably amazing you guys are at recruiting.”', 'Employer Review', 'The Accounting Department has employed several NU Student Temps in the last couple of years. It has been a game changer. These students are extremely bright, hard-working and have great attitudes. They have consistently exceeded my expectations. We hire students with “technical” and “accounting” backgrounds; each of them not only have performed well, but brought something additional to the table. These students are SMART!!! It really is a valuable resource here at the University. -Angela Miller', 'Employer Review', 'The NU Student Temps program really impressed us with their ability to quickly refer several candidates that had the right experience for the job. We could not have been happier with the ability and enthusiasm with which Bhavya stepped into a very fast-paced project and immediately contributed to our success. -CJ Grasso, Associate Director for Research, Global Resilience Institute', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you.', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure', 'Frequently Asked Questions', 'What kinds of jobs do you fill?', 'We source candidates for on-campus, part-time employment. This includes one-time, multi-day, project-based, and multi-semester placements. Students may not work more than 20 hours/week while classes are in session.', 'What is the turnaround time?', 'Turnaround time depends on the nature of the position. For positions requiring a higher level of skill or a unique skillset, our staff will need additional time to carefully source your candidates.', 'How did the program get started?', 'The NU Student Temps program was developed to bridge the gap between work opportunities and our student population. Many of our students come to us with years of experience. They are capable, reliable, and eager to work.', 'Why is there a service fee?', 'The NU Student Temps program staff does the work of sourcing, recruiting, and screening applicants. Revenue generated by the service is used to fund scholarships for Northeastern University students.', "What's the difference between NU Student Temps and general student employment?", 'The NU Student Temps program does the work for you—we’ll find qualified applicants and forward them to you for direct placement, or for your final review. Then, we’ll process the hire. In contrast, general student employment requires you to advertise your position, review resumes, interview candidates, process the hires, and respond to all applicants.', 'We’re Here Whenever You Need Us', '\uf0e0 Email nustudenttemps@northeastern.edu', '\ue0c8 Instagram @nustudenttemps', '\ue0cb Linkedin company/nu-student-temps']
['For Students For Students \u3000 Looking for an on-campus job?NU Student Temps helps connect students with professional experience with on-campus positions that match their skillsets and interests. APPLY WITH US UPDATE RESUME INFO SESSIONS \u3000 Looking for an on-campus job? NU Student Temps helps connect students with professional experience with on-campus positions that match their skillsets and interests. APPLY WITH US UPDATE RESUME INFO SESSIONS Our Hiring Process ①\u3000Screening Once you submit your application, we will review your resume. We may reach out to you to schedule a meeting to get to know you better. ②\u3000Matching Positions We will notify you if/when we have a hiring request that matches your skills and interests. \uf30b \uf30b ③\u3000Providing Opportunities If you are a good match for an open position, we will short-list your profile for the hiring manager’s review. The hiring manager may interview you. ④\u3000Pre-Hire Paperwork If you are selected for a position, we will send you an offer letter and assist you in completing your pre-hire paperwork and other onbaording processes.\xa0 Please note the NU Student Temps program is separate from Workday, and our staff does not make hiring decisions for the jobs advertised on Workday. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Screen your Application Form & Resume. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Contact you via email or phone whenever we find a position that may suitable for you. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Match your profiles with suitable opening positions. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Assist you with getting pre-hire paperwork completed. Our Hiring Process Please note the NU Student Temps program is separate from Workday, and our staff does not make hiring decisions for the jobs advertised on Workday. ① Application Screening Screen your application form and resume ② Position Matching Match your profile with suitable opening positions ③ Providing Opportunities Contact you via email or Teams whenever we find a position that may suitable for you ④ Pre-Hire Paperwork Assist you with getting pre-hire paperwork and onboarding tasks completed How NU Student Temps Work Talent Review I landed my first on-campus position as an Instructional Assistant, an experience that truly opened my eyes. It not only significantly bolstered my confidence but also my motivation. I’m grateful to NU Temps for this incredible opportunity. – Pooja Kannan, Instructional Assistant Talent Review Extending a heartfelt thank you to NU Student temp for their invaluable support in securing my first on-campus job as an Instructional Assistant Leader. Their guidance made the entire process seamless – from facilitating communication with my supervisor to handling paperwork easily. This opportunity to lead a team, manage resources, and align my past experiences with my course of study was truly transformative. It enhanced my skills and provided a meaningful platform for building connections and expanding my professional network. I extend my sincere thanks to NU Student Temp for making this journey both memorable and impactful. Special gratitude to April Hoyte and Mercy Sulochana for providing me with this fantastic opportunity – your efforts have truly shaped this experience to not only be an enjoyable one but also incredibly rewarding. I’d also like to express my sincere gratitude to my supervisor, Robin, for their invaluable guidance throughout. Their mentorship has been a beacon, steering me through the intricacies of leadership and professional development. – Surabhi Bhatt, Lead Instructional Assistant Talent Review I highly recommend NU Temps services to all students seeking on-campus employment and professional development. Their hiring process is quite transparent and quick. I had a great meeting with April about what my skills and experience are and how that would align with my on-campus job as an Instructional Assistant. – Vasu Rameshbhai Kalariya, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I’m deeply grateful to NU Student Temps for helping me land my first on-campus role as an Instructional Assistant. Amidst job search challenges, their expertise in matching my skills to the position made the transition seamless. Huge appreciation to April Hoyt and the entire team for their dedication in finding the ideal fit and ensuring a seamless onboarding process. A heartfelt thank you to Robin Mayo for his unwavering support and guidance throughout the job. – Rishika Gurram, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I am immensely grateful for the opportunity provided by NU Student Temp as an Instructional Assistant. Completing my role was a fulfilling experience, allowing me to contribute to a positive learning environment. The support and encouragement from the team fostered both personal and professional growth. I thrived in a collaborative atmosphere, honing my skills in assisting and enhancing the educational journey. This position has been invaluable, and I appreciate the trust placed in me. NU Student Temp not only offered a job but also an enriching experience that has undoubtedly shaped my career path. Thank you for the meaningful opportunity. – Aditya Kaspate, Instructional Assistant Talent Review The support from NU Student Temps, particularly the guidance provided by April Hyott in the online workshop, gave me valuable insights into the available opportunities. The overall experience was user-friendly and contributed to a smooth transition into on-campus employment. I appreciate the efficiency and assistance provided by NU Student Temps throughout the entire process. – Nabila Nabila, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I am thrilled to share my testimonial as a Lead Instructional Assistant. In just four weeks into this role, the learning experience has been phenomenal. Being in a leadership position has allowed me to gain valuable insights into leadership and managerial practices. My manager has played a crucial role in making this journey incredibly smooth, being both cool and informative, providing the necessary support to foster growth. One aspect I particularly appreciate is the opportunity to connect with various professionals within ITS. This has not only expanded my network but also provided a broader understanding of the diverse roles available. The exposure to different job types has been eye-opening and has added substantial depth to my perspective. In addition, my role as a Lead IA has not only enriched my technical knowledge but also honed my leadership skills. The collaborative and supportive environment has made the overall experience truly rewarding. I highly recommend this position for anyone seeking a combination of personal and professional growth. Thank you to the entire team for making my journey as a Lead IA so enriching and impactful! – Rohit Soni, Lead Instructional Assistant Talent Review The process of NU Student Temps is very clear and easy to understand. We have to fill out the application form and submit our resume and if anything roles align with our experience they would contact us and schedule an in person interview to discuss further. The team is very helpful and communication is very clear. They helped me find my on campus in short span of time. Thanks to April Hoyt for helping me out. – Shree Tejani, Event Assistant Talent Review As a Northeastern student temp, the on-campus experience has been invaluable. The supportive community, diverse opportunities, and collaborative atmosphere foster personal and professional growth. I appreciate the university’s commitment to student success and the chance to contribute to a vibrant campus environment through meaningful work. – Piyush Kunjilwar, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I was fortunate to secure a position as a dashboard creator at NuTemps. This role, which I obtained on campus, aligns perfectly with my Master’s degree and promises to be highly beneficial for my future endeavors. I have gained invaluable experience and learned extensively from this opportunity. It is poised to significantly enhance my prospects in my future career. Working with a great team throughout this process was a remarkable experience. They were not only instrumental in completing the project but also in broadening my perspective on my work. Once again, thank you for this opportunity. – Kailash Senthilkumar, Dashboard Creator Close Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you. We’re Here Whenever You Need Us Frequently Asked Questions How can I enhance my resume? Northeastern University students have access to many free resources! For resume, CV, and cover letter help, check out the\xa0Career Design Center. Do you need a portfolio? You can build one here! Can I meet with NU Student Temps? Due to overwhelming demand, NU Student Temps staff cannot meet with every applicant, and we cannot meet students on a drop-in basis. Appointments are by invitation only. What kinds of jobs does NU Student Temps recruit for? We often provide staff for administrative/office/front desk, accounting, finance, data analysis, graphic design, web design, and event support jobs. How do you match students to jobs? Every job has its own set of requirements. We review applicants to find the most suitable profiles for each position. We then short-list candidates for the hiring manager’s review. The hiring manager typically interviews candidates as well and then selects the candidate(s) they would like to hire. What are the requirements to become part of NU Student Temps? Any student is welcome to apply to become part of NU Student Temps. We have found that hiring managers are looking for independent, professional candidates who need very little on-the-job training. Because of this, many roles also require years of professional experience. Some jobs may also require a specific technical skillset. All jobs require strong communication and time management skills. Can NU Student Temps create more on-campus jobs? Unfortunately, we cannot create jobs for students, but we do encourage hiring managers to consider NU Student Temps for all of their hiring needs. Can I volunteer through NU Student Temps? Unfortunately, we are not able to offer unpaid, volunteer opportunities. If you are interested in unpaid experiences to build your resume, check out Forage through the Career Design Center. Other resources for students The International Tutoring Center:\xa0https://international.northeastern.edu/gss/tutoring/The Graduate Student Government: https://www.northeastern.edu/gsg/The graduate student organizations: https://www.northeastern.edu/gsg/graduate-student-groups/ \uf0e0 Email nustudenttemps@northeastern.edu \ue0c8 Instagram @nustudenttemps \ue0cb Linkedin company/nu-student-temps', 'For Students For Students \u3000 Looking for an on-campus job?NU Student Temps helps connect students with professional experience with on-campus positions that match their skillsets and interests. APPLY WITH US UPDATE RESUME INFO SESSIONS \u3000 Looking for an on-campus job? NU Student Temps helps connect students with professional experience with on-campus positions that match their skillsets and interests. APPLY WITH US UPDATE RESUME INFO SESSIONS Our Hiring Process ①\u3000Screening Once you submit your application, we will review your resume. We may reach out to you to schedule a meeting to get to know you better. ②\u3000Matching Positions We will notify you if/when we have a hiring request that matches your skills and interests. \uf30b \uf30b ③\u3000Providing Opportunities If you are a good match for an open position, we will short-list your profile for the hiring manager’s review. The hiring manager may interview you. ④\u3000Pre-Hire Paperwork If you are selected for a position, we will send you an offer letter and assist you in completing your pre-hire paperwork and other onbaording processes.\xa0 Please note the NU Student Temps program is separate from Workday, and our staff does not make hiring decisions for the jobs advertised on Workday. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Screen your Application Form & Resume. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Contact you via email or phone whenever we find a position that may suitable for you. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Match your profiles with suitable opening positions. \u3000 \u3000 \u3000 Assist you with getting pre-hire paperwork completed. Our Hiring Process Please note the NU Student Temps program is separate from Workday, and our staff does not make hiring decisions for the jobs advertised on Workday. ① Application Screening Screen your application form and resume ② Position Matching Match your profile with suitable opening positions ③ Providing Opportunities Contact you via email or Teams whenever we find a position that may suitable for you ④ Pre-Hire Paperwork Assist you with getting pre-hire paperwork and onboarding tasks completed How NU Student Temps Work Talent Review I landed my first on-campus position as an Instructional Assistant, an experience that truly opened my eyes. It not only significantly bolstered my confidence but also my motivation. I’m grateful to NU Temps for this incredible opportunity. – Pooja Kannan, Instructional Assistant Talent Review Extending a heartfelt thank you to NU Student temp for their invaluable support in securing my first on-campus job as an Instructional Assistant Leader. Their guidance made the entire process seamless – from facilitating communication with my supervisor to handling paperwork easily. This opportunity to lead a team, manage resources, and align my past experiences with my course of study was truly transformative. It enhanced my skills and provided a meaningful platform for building connections and expanding my professional network. I extend my sincere thanks to NU Student Temp for making this journey both memorable and impactful. Special gratitude to April Hoyte and Mercy Sulochana for providing me with this fantastic opportunity – your efforts have truly shaped this experience to not only be an enjoyable one but also incredibly rewarding. I’d also like to express my sincere gratitude to my supervisor, Robin, for their invaluable guidance throughout. Their mentorship has been a beacon, steering me through the intricacies of leadership and professional development. – Surabhi Bhatt, Lead Instructional Assistant Talent Review I highly recommend NU Temps services to all students seeking on-campus employment and professional development. Their hiring process is quite transparent and quick. I had a great meeting with April about what my skills and experience are and how that would align with my on-campus job as an Instructional Assistant. – Vasu Rameshbhai Kalariya, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I’m deeply grateful to NU Student Temps for helping me land my first on-campus role as an Instructional Assistant. Amidst job search challenges, their expertise in matching my skills to the position made the transition seamless. Huge appreciation to April Hoyt and the entire team for their dedication in finding the ideal fit and ensuring a seamless onboarding process. A heartfelt thank you to Robin Mayo for his unwavering support and guidance throughout the job. – Rishika Gurram, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I am immensely grateful for the opportunity provided by NU Student Temp as an Instructional Assistant. Completing my role was a fulfilling experience, allowing me to contribute to a positive learning environment. The support and encouragement from the team fostered both personal and professional growth. I thrived in a collaborative atmosphere, honing my skills in assisting and enhancing the educational journey. This position has been invaluable, and I appreciate the trust placed in me. NU Student Temp not only offered a job but also an enriching experience that has undoubtedly shaped my career path. Thank you for the meaningful opportunity. – Aditya Kaspate, Instructional Assistant Talent Review The support from NU Student Temps, particularly the guidance provided by April Hyott in the online workshop, gave me valuable insights into the available opportunities. The overall experience was user-friendly and contributed to a smooth transition into on-campus employment. I appreciate the efficiency and assistance provided by NU Student Temps throughout the entire process. – Nabila Nabila, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I am thrilled to share my testimonial as a Lead Instructional Assistant. In just four weeks into this role, the learning experience has been phenomenal. Being in a leadership position has allowed me to gain valuable insights into leadership and managerial practices. My manager has played a crucial role in making this journey incredibly smooth, being both cool and informative, providing the necessary support to foster growth. One aspect I particularly appreciate is the opportunity to connect with various professionals within ITS. This has not only expanded my network but also provided a broader understanding of the diverse roles available. The exposure to different job types has been eye-opening and has added substantial depth to my perspective. In addition, my role as a Lead IA has not only enriched my technical knowledge but also honed my leadership skills. The collaborative and supportive environment has made the overall experience truly rewarding. I highly recommend this position for anyone seeking a combination of personal and professional growth. Thank you to the entire team for making my journey as a Lead IA so enriching and impactful! – Rohit Soni, Lead Instructional Assistant Talent Review The process of NU Student Temps is very clear and easy to understand. We have to fill out the application form and submit our resume and if anything roles align with our experience they would contact us and schedule an in person interview to discuss further. The team is very helpful and communication is very clear. They helped me find my on campus in short span of time. Thanks to April Hoyt for helping me out. – Shree Tejani, Event Assistant Talent Review As a Northeastern student temp, the on-campus experience has been invaluable. The supportive community, diverse opportunities, and collaborative atmosphere foster personal and professional growth. I appreciate the university’s commitment to student success and the chance to contribute to a vibrant campus environment through meaningful work. – Piyush Kunjilwar, Instructional Assistant Talent Review I was fortunate to secure a position as a dashboard creator at NuTemps. This role, which I obtained on campus, aligns perfectly with my Master’s degree and promises to be highly beneficial for my future endeavors. I have gained invaluable experience and learned extensively from this opportunity. It is poised to significantly enhance my prospects in my future career. Working with a great team throughout this process was a remarkable experience. They were not only instrumental in completing the project but also in broadening my perspective on my work. Once again, thank you for this opportunity. – Kailash Senthilkumar, Dashboard Creator Close Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you. We’re Here Whenever You Need Us Frequently Asked Questions How can I enhance my resume? Northeastern University students have access to many free resources! For resume, CV, and cover letter help, check out the\xa0Career Design Center. Do you need a portfolio? You can build one here! Can I meet with NU Student Temps? Due to overwhelming demand, NU Student Temps staff cannot meet with every applicant, and we cannot meet students on a drop-in basis. Appointments are by invitation only. What kinds of jobs does NU Student Temps recruit for? We often provide staff for administrative/office/front desk, accounting, finance, data analysis, graphic design, web design, and event support jobs. How do you match students to jobs? Every job has its own set of requirements. We review applicants to find the most suitable profiles for each position. We then short-list candidates for the hiring manager’s review. The hiring manager typically interviews candidates as well and then selects the candidate(s) they would like to hire. What are the requirements to become part of NU Student Temps? Any student is welcome to apply to become part of NU Student Temps. We have found that hiring managers are looking for independent, professional candidates who need very little on-the-job training. Because of this, many roles also require years of professional experience. Some jobs may also require a specific technical skillset. All jobs require strong communication and time management skills. Can NU Student Temps create more on-campus jobs? Unfortunately, we cannot create jobs for students, but we do encourage hiring managers to consider NU Student Temps for all of their hiring needs. Can I volunteer through NU Student Temps? Unfortunately, we are not able to offer unpaid, volunteer opportunities. If you are interested in unpaid experiences to build your resume, check out Forage through the Career Design Center. Other resources for students The International Tutoring Center:\xa0https://international.northeastern.edu/gss/tutoring/The Graduate Student Government: https://www.northeastern.edu/gsg/The graduate student organizations: https://www.northeastern.edu/gsg/graduate-student-groups/ \uf0e0 Email nustudenttemps@northeastern.edu \ue0c8 Instagram @nustudenttemps \ue0cb Linkedin company/nu-student-temps', 'For Students', 'For Students', 'Looking for an on-campus job? NU Student Temps helps connect students with professional experience with on-campus positions that match their skillsets and interests.', 'Our Hiring Process', '①\u3000Screening', 'Once you submit your application, we will review your resume. We may reach out to you to schedule a meeting to get to know you better.', '②\u3000Matching Positions', 'We will notify you if/when we have a hiring request that matches your skills and interests.', '③\u3000Providing Opportunities', 'If you are a good match for an open position, we will short-list your profile for the hiring manager’s review. The hiring manager may interview you.', '④\u3000Pre-Hire Paperwork', 'If you are selected for a position, we will send you an offer letter and assist you in completing your pre-hire paperwork and other onbaording processes.', 'Please note the NU Student Temps program is separate from Workday, and our staff does not make hiring decisions for the jobs advertised on Workday.', 'Screen your Application Form & Resume.', 'Screen your Application Form & Resume.', 'Contact you via email or phone whenever we find a position that may suitable for you.', 'Contact you via email or phone whenever we find a position that may suitable for you.', 'Match your profiles with suitable opening positions.', 'Match your profiles with suitable opening positions.', 'Assist you with getting pre-hire paperwork completed.', 'Assist you with getting pre-hire paperwork completed.', 'Our Hiring Process', 'Please note the NU Student Temps program is separate from Workday, and our staff does not make hiring decisions for the jobs advertised on Workday.', '① Application Screening', 'Screen your application form and resume', '② Position Matching', 'Match your profile with suitable opening positions', '③ Providing Opportunities', 'Contact you via email or Teams whenever we find a position that may suitable for you', '④ Pre-Hire Paperwork', 'Assist you with getting pre-hire paperwork and onboarding tasks completed', 'How NU Student Temps Work', 'Talent Review', 'I landed my first on-campus position as an Instructional Assistant, an experience that truly opened my eyes. It not only significantly bolstered my confidence but also my motivation. I’m grateful to NU Temps for this incredible opportunity. – Pooja Kannan, Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'Extending a heartfelt thank you to NU Student temp for their invaluable support in securing my first on-campus job as an Instructional Assistant Leader. Their guidance made the entire process seamless – from facilitating communication with my supervisor to handling paperwork easily. This opportunity to lead a team, manage resources, and align my past experiences with my course of study was truly transformative. It enhanced my skills and provided a meaningful platform for building connections and expanding my professional network. I extend my sincere thanks to NU Student Temp for making this journey both memorable and impactful. Special gratitude to April Hoyte and Mercy Sulochana for providing me with this fantastic opportunity – your efforts have truly shaped this experience to not only be an enjoyable one but also incredibly rewarding. I’d also like to express my sincere gratitude to my supervisor, Robin, for their invaluable guidance throughout. Their mentorship has been a beacon, steering me through the intricacies of leadership and professional development. – Surabhi Bhatt, Lead Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'I highly recommend NU Temps services to all students seeking on-campus employment and professional development. Their hiring process is quite transparent and quick. I had a great meeting with April about what my skills and experience are and how that would align with my on-campus job as an Instructional Assistant. – Vasu Rameshbhai Kalariya, Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'I’m deeply grateful to NU Student Temps for helping me land my first on-campus role as an Instructional Assistant. Amidst job search challenges, their expertise in matching my skills to the position made the transition seamless. Huge appreciation to April Hoyt and the entire team for their dedication in finding the ideal fit and ensuring a seamless onboarding process. A heartfelt thank you to Robin Mayo for his unwavering support and guidance throughout the job. – Rishika Gurram, Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'I am immensely grateful for the opportunity provided by NU Student Temp as an Instructional Assistant. Completing my role was a fulfilling experience, allowing me to contribute to a positive learning environment. The support and encouragement from the team fostered both personal and professional growth. I thrived in a collaborative atmosphere, honing my skills in assisting and enhancing the educational journey. This position has been invaluable, and I appreciate the trust placed in me. NU Student Temp not only offered a job but also an enriching experience that has undoubtedly shaped my career path. Thank you for the meaningful opportunity. – Aditya Kaspate, Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'The support from NU Student Temps, particularly the guidance provided by April Hyott in the online workshop, gave me valuable insights into the available opportunities. The overall experience was user-friendly and contributed to a smooth transition into on-campus employment. I appreciate the efficiency and assistance provided by NU Student Temps throughout the entire process. – Nabila Nabila, Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'I am thrilled to share my testimonial as a Lead Instructional Assistant. In just four weeks into this role, the learning experience has been phenomenal. Being in a leadership position has allowed me to gain valuable insights into leadership and managerial practices. My manager has played a crucial role in making this journey incredibly smooth, being both cool and informative, providing the necessary support to foster growth. One aspect I particularly appreciate is the opportunity to connect with various professionals within ITS. This has not only expanded my network but also provided a broader understanding of the diverse roles available. The exposure to different job types has been eye-opening and has added substantial depth to my perspective. In addition, my role as a Lead IA has not only enriched my technical knowledge but also honed my leadership skills. The collaborative and supportive environment has made the overall experience truly rewarding. I highly recommend this position for anyone seeking a combination of personal and professional growth. Thank you to the entire team for making my journey as a Lead IA so enriching and impactful! – Rohit Soni, Lead Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'The process of NU Student Temps is very clear and easy to understand. We have to fill out the application form and submit our resume and if anything roles align with our experience they would contact us and schedule an in person interview to discuss further. The team is very helpful and communication is very clear. They helped me find my on campus in short span of time. Thanks to April Hoyt for helping me out. – Shree Tejani, Event Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'As a Northeastern student temp, the on-campus experience has been invaluable. The supportive community, diverse opportunities, and collaborative atmosphere foster personal and professional growth. I appreciate the university’s commitment to student success and the chance to contribute to a vibrant campus environment through meaningful work. – Piyush Kunjilwar, Instructional Assistant', 'Talent Review', 'I was fortunate to secure a position as a dashboard creator at NuTemps. This role, which I obtained on campus, aligns perfectly with my Master’s degree and promises to be highly beneficial for my future endeavors. I have gained invaluable experience and learned extensively from this opportunity. It is poised to significantly enhance my prospects in my future career. Working with a great team throughout this process was a remarkable experience. They were not only instrumental in completing the project but also in broadening my perspective on my work. Once again, thank you for this opportunity. – Kailash Senthilkumar, Dashboard Creator', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you.', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure', 'We’re Here Whenever You Need Us', 'Frequently Asked Questions', 'How can I enhance my resume?', 'Northeastern University students have access to many free resources! For resume, CV, and cover letter help, check out the\xa0Career Design Center. Do you need a portfolio? You can build one here!', 'Can I meet with NU Student Temps?', 'Due to overwhelming demand, NU Student Temps staff cannot meet with every applicant, and we cannot meet students on a drop-in basis. Appointments are by invitation only.', 'What kinds of jobs does NU Student Temps recruit for?', 'We often provide staff for administrative/office/front desk, accounting, finance, data analysis, graphic design, web design, and event support jobs.', 'How do you match students to jobs?', 'Every job has its own set of requirements. We review applicants to find the most suitable profiles for each position. We then short-list candidates for the hiring manager’s review. The hiring manager typically interviews candidates as well and then selects the candidate(s) they would like to hire.', 'What are the requirements to become part of NU Student Temps?', 'Any student is welcome to apply to become part of NU Student Temps. We have found that hiring managers are looking for independent, professional candidates who need very little on-the-job training. Because of this, many roles also require years of professional experience. Some jobs may also require a specific technical skillset. All jobs require strong communication and time management skills.', 'Can NU Student Temps create more on-campus jobs?', 'Unfortunately, we cannot create jobs for students, but we do encourage hiring managers to consider NU Student Temps for all of their hiring needs.', 'Can I volunteer through NU Student Temps?', 'Unfortunately, we are not able to offer unpaid, volunteer opportunities. If you are interested in unpaid experiences to build your resume, check out Forage through the Career Design Center.', 'Other resources for students', 'The International Tutoring Center:\xa0https://international.northeastern.edu/gss/tutoring/The Graduate Student Government: https://www.northeastern.edu/gsg/The graduate student organizations: https://www.northeastern.edu/gsg/graduate-student-groups/', '\uf0e0 Email nustudenttemps@northeastern.edu', '\ue0c8 Instagram @nustudenttemps', '\ue0cb Linkedin company/nu-student-temps']
["New/Incoming Students Find a Job Welcome to Northeastern University! We’re thrilled to have you here, and we are eager to help you understand and navigate your employment options. Contents Getting a Job Work-Study Pre-Hire Paperwork Getting Paid Payments Taxes Off-Campus FAQ Getting a Job Eligibility Any student who is enrolled in a degree-seeking program at Northeastern University is eligible to work Job Types Work-Study (for students who have received work-study funding as part of their financial aid package) Part-Time On Campus Part-Time Off Campus (international students may not work off-campus) Start Job Search 1. Go to Workday 2. Click on the Menu in the top left corner 3. Click on the Jobs and Career Hub in the menu 4. Click on the Student Employment tab 5. Review and apply for available positions 6. Review the hiring department's website to get a better understanding of employment needs Learn more about Workday Resume & Job Searching Guidance For assistance with creating a resume or other guidance with applying for jobs, contact Northeastern Employer Engagement & Career Design. Find a Job Now What is Work-Study? Eligibility Work-study funding is available to domestic undergraduate, graduate, and law school students who meet specific financial aid criteria. Job Types Part-time positions on campus or with an approved campus partner. Requirement Submit your financial aid application materials by the priority filing deadline to be considered for a work-study award. Job Searching If you have been awarded Federal Work-Study, you can search and apply for jobs on Workday. Description Work-study funding is part of a student's financial aid package. As available positions are limited, we cannot guarantee that each student will secure a position. You are not obligated to work if you have been awarded Federal Work-Study; however, please note that if you do not work, you will not be able to earn your award. Funding is awarded on a semester-by-semester basis, and unused funding does not roll forward into future semesters. Each year, you will have the opportunity to complete your financial aid application materials and request to be considered for work-study funding. Pre-Hire Paperwork 1. Receive a job offer (Typically, students do not complete their pre-hire paperwork until they have received a job offer) 2. Complete I-9 Section 1 online through Workday 3. First time U.S. employees must apply for a Social Security Number 4. Present Supporting Documents at the Student Employment Office 5. Wait for processing to complete the I-9 Section 2 (Up to 3 business days) Do you have questions regarding the Form I-9? Attention! Please note that the student must present their own documentation; parents, guardians, or any other representatives are not permitted to submit documents on a student’s behalf. Getting Paid 1. Enroll in Direct Deposit (All on-campus student employees and all off-campus work-study student employees are required) 2. Paychecks will be deposited into the account you designate 3. Submit Working Timesheet (each week before Sunday at 10:00 a.m. on Workday) 4. Your supervisor is responsible for reviewing, approving, and forwarding your timesheets by Monday at 10:00 a.m 5. Students will be paid on a bi-weekly schedule For semi-monthly paid research assistants or teaching fellows Pay Date: 15th and the last day of the month (Please submit the information before the payroll deadline) How to Enroll in Direct Deposit 1. Log into the Student Hub 2. Click on the Resources on the top bar 3. Click on the Financial Services 4. Click on the Direct Deposit Form in the list 5. Fill in the routing number & account number (Please be sure to use the paper and electronic routing number provided by your bank) 6. Wait up to 3 business days for your bank to process the request 7. Paychecks will be deposited into the account you designate. Learn More How to Submit Your Timesheet 1. Go to Workday 2. Click on the Menu in the top left corner 3. Click on the Time in the menu 4. Click on This Week 5. Click on the time you worked 6. Fill in the form with details 7. Click on the Review button on the bottom right 8. Click on the Submit button Payments For General Jobs Pay Type Hourly Maximum Hours 20 Hours Per Week (40 hours during official university break) Hourly Wage Depending on experience and position, at least the state minimum wage or above . . . . . . For Work-Study Pay Type Hourly Maximum Hours 20 Hours Per Week Hourly Wage Depending on experience and position, at least the state minimum wage or above Working Hours Total Award Amount / Hourly Rate Hours Per Week Working Hours / Working Weeks in the Semester Tax Information The US tax system follows a “pay as you go” model, meaning that taxes are deducted from each paycheck. For students working in the U.S., you will receive the W-2 Tax Form which summarizes your earnings and the taxes you have paid before Jan 31 each year. You may access the W-2 tax documents from Workday. The W-4 Form indicates how much in taxes will be withheld from your paycheck. You will only be required to complete the form once after you’ve been hired, but you can not update it anytime you wish on Workday. Completing W-4 on Workday takes the place of the paper form and allows you to make any necessary changes electronically. Learn more about tax forms Steps to find W-2 Tax Form Go to Workday → Menu → Pay → My Tax Documents → External Tax Documents Steps for Updating W-4 Tax Information Go to Workday → Menu → Pay → Withholding Elections → Update Off-Campus Employment With the exception of international students, domestic students can also pursue employment opportunities in the surrounding community. There are many jobs available off-campus in the greater Boston area. Northeastern University does not oversee the hiring or compensation for non-Work-Study, off-campus jobs. Instead, students will work directly with the employer through the hiring process, and the employer will pay students directly. If you need help with the job search, contact Northeastern Employer Engagement & Career Design. Find an Off-Campus Job Frequently Asked Questions How can I apply for jobs? Go to Workday → Menu → Jobs and Career Hub → Student Employment → Click on the on-campus jobs or off-campus jobs. For co-op opportunities,\xa0 please check NUworks. Why is my application automatically rejected? Students may be rejected from a job if they are not qualified, or if another candidate was more suitable for the position. Hiring managers make the final hiring decision. If you believe your applications are being rejected in error, please contact us. When can new students apply for jobs? Incoming students will be given access to Workday 20 days prior to the start of their program. Am I allowed to start working while my I-9 documents are processing? Students should not start working until their hire has been confirmed in Workday, to avoid any possible delay in pay if there are issues with the hire request or I-9 processing.\xa0 I do not have my original documents for Section 2 of the Form I-9. Can I present a scan, picture or photocopy? No, we can only accept the true, physical document. We cannot accept scans, pictures or photocopies of I-9 supporting documents. I will not be on campus prior to my start date to submit my I-9 documents in person. Can I complete a remote I-9 or email the documents to you? No, we cannot verify your I-9 supporting documents remotely. For the safety of your identity, please do not email scanned copies of your Section 2 documents. Please bring original documents to the Student Employment Office once you arrive. Our office will be open during move-in week. How can I view my paystubs? To view your this year's paystub history, go to Workday and search\xa0“My Payslip”\xa0in the search bar. To access paystub history prior to this year, please navigate to Student Hub → Resources → Financial Services → Student Employee Self Service, and search “Pay Slips”. Why am I unable to submit a timesheet? Students are paid on a bi-weekly pay schedule. Every pay week, the timesheet will be temporarily locked for processing payroll. If you have trouble entering time, please try again on Friday. Make sure you enter your hours by 10 AM Sunday morning every week so you can get paid on time. Can I keep my part-time job while going on Co-op? If your Co-op position is on-campus, please make sure you receive approval from your Co--op advisor regarding any possible program restrictions and communicate closely with both your Co-op supervisor and part-time supervisor, and make sure they are aware of your other on-campus positions and hours entered. There will be overtime charges if your total hours (Co-op + part time) exceed 40. Contents Getting a Job Work-Study Pre-Hire Paperwork Getting Paid Payments Taxes Off-Campus FAQ FollowFollowFollowFollow Contact Us", "New/Incoming Students Find a Job Welcome to Northeastern University! We’re thrilled to have you here, and we are eager to help you understand and navigate your employment options. Contents Getting a Job Work-Study Pre-Hire Paperwork Getting Paid Payments Taxes Off-Campus FAQ Getting a Job Eligibility Any student who is enrolled in a degree-seeking program at Northeastern University is eligible to work Job Types Work-Study (for students who have received work-study funding as part of their financial aid package) Part-Time On Campus Part-Time Off Campus (international students may not work off-campus) Start Job Search 1. Go to Workday 2. Click on the Menu in the top left corner 3. Click on the Jobs and Career Hub in the menu 4. Click on the Student Employment tab 5. Review and apply for available positions 6. Review the hiring department's website to get a better understanding of employment needs Learn more about Workday Resume & Job Searching Guidance For assistance with creating a resume or other guidance with applying for jobs, contact Northeastern Employer Engagement & Career Design. Find a Job Now What is Work-Study? Eligibility Work-study funding is available to domestic undergraduate, graduate, and law school students who meet specific financial aid criteria. Job Types Part-time positions on campus or with an approved campus partner. Requirement Submit your financial aid application materials by the priority filing deadline to be considered for a work-study award. Job Searching If you have been awarded Federal Work-Study, you can search and apply for jobs on Workday. Description Work-study funding is part of a student's financial aid package. As available positions are limited, we cannot guarantee that each student will secure a position. You are not obligated to work if you have been awarded Federal Work-Study; however, please note that if you do not work, you will not be able to earn your award. Funding is awarded on a semester-by-semester basis, and unused funding does not roll forward into future semesters. Each year, you will have the opportunity to complete your financial aid application materials and request to be considered for work-study funding. Pre-Hire Paperwork 1. Receive a job offer (Typically, students do not complete their pre-hire paperwork until they have received a job offer) 2. Complete I-9 Section 1 online through Workday 3. First time U.S. employees must apply for a Social Security Number 4. Present Supporting Documents at the Student Employment Office 5. Wait for processing to complete the I-9 Section 2 (Up to 3 business days) Do you have questions regarding the Form I-9? Attention! Please note that the student must present their own documentation; parents, guardians, or any other representatives are not permitted to submit documents on a student’s behalf. Getting Paid 1. Enroll in Direct Deposit (All on-campus student employees and all off-campus work-study student employees are required) 2. Paychecks will be deposited into the account you designate 3. Submit Working Timesheet (each week before Sunday at 10:00 a.m. on Workday) 4. Your supervisor is responsible for reviewing, approving, and forwarding your timesheets by Monday at 10:00 a.m 5. Students will be paid on a bi-weekly schedule For semi-monthly paid research assistants or teaching fellows Pay Date: 15th and the last day of the month (Please submit the information before the payroll deadline) How to Enroll in Direct Deposit 1. Log into the Student Hub 2. Click on the Resources on the top bar 3. Click on the Financial Services 4. Click on the Direct Deposit Form in the list 5. Fill in the routing number & account number (Please be sure to use the paper and electronic routing number provided by your bank) 6. Wait up to 3 business days for your bank to process the request 7. Paychecks will be deposited into the account you designate. Learn More How to Submit Your Timesheet 1. Go to Workday 2. Click on the Menu in the top left corner 3. Click on the Time in the menu 4. Click on This Week 5. Click on the time you worked 6. Fill in the form with details 7. Click on the Review button on the bottom right 8. Click on the Submit button Payments For General Jobs Pay Type Hourly Maximum Hours 20 Hours Per Week (40 hours during official university break) Hourly Wage Depending on experience and position, at least the state minimum wage or above . . . . . . For Work-Study Pay Type Hourly Maximum Hours 20 Hours Per Week Hourly Wage Depending on experience and position, at least the state minimum wage or above Working Hours Total Award Amount / Hourly Rate Hours Per Week Working Hours / Working Weeks in the Semester Tax Information The US tax system follows a “pay as you go” model, meaning that taxes are deducted from each paycheck. For students working in the U.S., you will receive the W-2 Tax Form which summarizes your earnings and the taxes you have paid before Jan 31 each year. You may access the W-2 tax documents from Workday. The W-4 Form indicates how much in taxes will be withheld from your paycheck. You will only be required to complete the form once after you’ve been hired, but you can not update it anytime you wish on Workday. Completing W-4 on Workday takes the place of the paper form and allows you to make any necessary changes electronically. Learn more about tax forms Steps to find W-2 Tax Form Go to Workday → Menu → Pay → My Tax Documents → External Tax Documents Steps for Updating W-4 Tax Information Go to Workday → Menu → Pay → Withholding Elections → Update Off-Campus Employment With the exception of international students, domestic students can also pursue employment opportunities in the surrounding community. There are many jobs available off-campus in the greater Boston area. Northeastern University does not oversee the hiring or compensation for non-Work-Study, off-campus jobs. Instead, students will work directly with the employer through the hiring process, and the employer will pay students directly. If you need help with the job search, contact Northeastern Employer Engagement & Career Design. Find an Off-Campus Job Frequently Asked Questions How can I apply for jobs? Go to Workday → Menu → Jobs and Career Hub → Student Employment → Click on the on-campus jobs or off-campus jobs. For co-op opportunities,\xa0 please check NUworks. Why is my application automatically rejected? Students may be rejected from a job if they are not qualified, or if another candidate was more suitable for the position. Hiring managers make the final hiring decision. If you believe your applications are being rejected in error, please contact us. When can new students apply for jobs? Incoming students will be given access to Workday 20 days prior to the start of their program. Am I allowed to start working while my I-9 documents are processing? Students should not start working until their hire has been confirmed in Workday, to avoid any possible delay in pay if there are issues with the hire request or I-9 processing.\xa0 I do not have my original documents for Section 2 of the Form I-9. Can I present a scan, picture or photocopy? No, we can only accept the true, physical document. We cannot accept scans, pictures or photocopies of I-9 supporting documents. I will not be on campus prior to my start date to submit my I-9 documents in person. Can I complete a remote I-9 or email the documents to you? No, we cannot verify your I-9 supporting documents remotely. For the safety of your identity, please do not email scanned copies of your Section 2 documents. Please bring original documents to the Student Employment Office once you arrive. Our office will be open during move-in week. How can I view my paystubs? To view your this year's paystub history, go to Workday and search\xa0“My Payslip”\xa0in the search bar. To access paystub history prior to this year, please navigate to Student Hub → Resources → Financial Services → Student Employee Self Service, and search “Pay Slips”. Why am I unable to submit a timesheet? Students are paid on a bi-weekly pay schedule. Every pay week, the timesheet will be temporarily locked for processing payroll. If you have trouble entering time, please try again on Friday. Make sure you enter your hours by 10 AM Sunday morning every week so you can get paid on time. Can I keep my part-time job while going on Co-op? If your Co-op position is on-campus, please make sure you receive approval from your Co--op advisor regarding any possible program restrictions and communicate closely with both your Co-op supervisor and part-time supervisor, and make sure they are aware of your other on-campus positions and hours entered. There will be overtime charges if your total hours (Co-op + part time) exceed 40. Contents Getting a Job Work-Study Pre-Hire Paperwork Getting Paid Payments Taxes Off-Campus FAQ FollowFollowFollowFollow Contact Us", 'New/Incoming Students Find a Job', 'Welcome to Northeastern University! We’re thrilled to have you here, and we are eager to help you understand and navigate your employment options.', 'Contents', 'Getting a Job', 'Eligibility Any student who is enrolled in a degree-seeking program at Northeastern University is eligible to work Job Types Work-Study (for students who have received work-study funding as part of their financial aid package) Part-Time On Campus Part-Time Off Campus (international students may not work off-campus)', "Start Job Search 1. Go to Workday 2. Click on the Menu in the top left corner 3. Click on the Jobs and Career Hub in the menu 4. Click on the Student Employment tab 5. Review and apply for available positions 6. Review the hiring department's website to get a better understanding of employment needs Learn more about Workday", 'Resume & Job Searching Guidance For assistance with creating a resume or other guidance with applying for jobs, contact Northeastern Employer Engagement & Career Design.', 'What is Work-Study?', 'Eligibility Work-study funding is available to domestic undergraduate, graduate, and law school students who meet specific financial aid criteria. Job Types Part-time positions on campus or with an approved campus partner. Requirement Submit your financial aid application materials by the priority filing deadline to be considered for a work-study award. Job Searching If you have been awarded Federal Work-Study, you can search and apply for jobs on Workday.', "Description Work-study funding is part of a student's financial aid package. As available positions are limited, we cannot guarantee that each student will secure a position. You are not obligated to work if you have been awarded Federal Work-Study; however, please note that if you do not work, you will not be able to earn your award. Funding is awarded on a semester-by-semester basis, and unused funding does not roll forward into future semesters. Each year, you will have the opportunity to complete your financial aid application materials and request to be considered for work-study funding.", 'Pre-Hire Paperwork', '1. Receive a job offer (Typically, students do not complete their pre-hire paperwork until they have received a job offer) 2. Complete I-9 Section 1 online through Workday 3. First time U.S. employees must apply for a Social Security Number 4. Present Supporting Documents at the Student Employment Office 5. Wait for processing to complete the I-9 Section 2 (Up to 3 business days) Do you have questions regarding the Form I-9?', 'Attention! Please note that the student must present their own documentation; parents, guardians, or any other representatives are not permitted to submit documents on a student’s behalf.', 'Getting Paid', '1. Enroll in Direct Deposit (All on-campus student employees and all off-campus work-study student employees are required) 2. Paychecks will be deposited into the account you designate 3. Submit Working Timesheet (each week before Sunday at 10:00 a.m. on Workday) 4. Your supervisor is responsible for reviewing, approving, and forwarding your timesheets by Monday at 10:00 a.m 5. Students will be paid on a bi-weekly schedule', 'For semi-monthly paid research assistants or teaching fellows Pay Date: 15th and the last day of the month (Please submit the information before the payroll deadline)', 'How to Enroll in Direct Deposit 1. Log into the Student Hub 2. Click on the Resources on the top bar 3. Click on the Financial Services 4. Click on the Direct Deposit Form in the list 5. Fill in the routing number & account number (Please be sure to use the paper and electronic routing number provided by your bank) 6. Wait up to 3 business days for your bank to process the request 7. Paychecks will be deposited into the account you designate. Learn More', 'How to Submit Your Timesheet 1. Go to Workday 2. Click on the Menu in the top left corner 3. Click on the Time in the menu 4. Click on This Week 5. Click on the time you worked 6. Fill in the form with details 7. Click on the Review button on the bottom right 8. Click on the Submit button', 'Payments', 'For General Jobs', 'Pay Type Hourly Maximum Hours 20 Hours Per Week (40 hours during official university break) Hourly Wage Depending on experience and position, at least the state minimum wage or above . . . . . .', 'For Work-Study', 'Pay Type Hourly Maximum Hours 20 Hours Per Week Hourly Wage Depending on experience and position, at least the state minimum wage or above Working Hours Total Award Amount / Hourly Rate Hours Per Week Working Hours / Working Weeks in the Semester', 'Tax Information', 'The US tax system follows a “pay as you go” model, meaning that taxes are deducted from each paycheck. For students working in the U.S., you will receive the W-2 Tax Form which summarizes your earnings and the taxes you have paid before Jan 31 each year. You may access the W-2 tax documents from Workday. The W-4 Form indicates how much in taxes will be withheld from your paycheck. You will only be required to complete the form once after you’ve been hired, but you can not update it anytime you wish on Workday. Completing W-4 on Workday takes the place of the paper form and allows you to make any necessary changes electronically. Learn more about tax forms', 'Steps to find W-2 Tax Form Go to Workday → Menu → Pay → My Tax Documents → External Tax Documents', 'Steps for Updating W-4 Tax Information Go to Workday → Menu → Pay → Withholding Elections → Update', 'Off-Campus Employment', 'With the exception of international students, domestic students can also pursue employment opportunities in the surrounding community. There are many jobs available off-campus in the greater Boston area. Northeastern University does not oversee the hiring or compensation for non-Work-Study, off-campus jobs. Instead, students will work directly with the employer through the hiring process, and the employer will pay students directly. If you need help with the job search, contact Northeastern Employer Engagement & Career Design.', 'Frequently Asked Questions', 'How can I apply for jobs?', 'Go to Workday → Menu → Jobs and Career Hub → Student Employment → Click on the on-campus jobs or off-campus jobs. For co-op opportunities,\xa0 please check NUworks.', 'Why is my application automatically rejected?', 'Students may be rejected from a job if they are not qualified, or if another candidate was more suitable for the position. Hiring managers make the final hiring decision. If you believe your applications are being rejected in error, please contact us.', 'When can new students apply for jobs?', 'Incoming students will be given access to Workday 20 days prior to the start of their program.', 'Am I allowed to start working while my I-9 documents are processing?', 'Students should not start working until their hire has been confirmed in Workday, to avoid any possible delay in pay if there are issues with the hire request or I-9 processing.', 'I do not have my original documents for Section 2 of the Form I-9. Can I present a scan, picture or photocopy?', 'No, we can only accept the true, physical document. We cannot accept scans, pictures or photocopies of I-9 supporting documents.', 'I will not be on campus prior to my start date to submit my I-9 documents in person. Can I complete a remote I-9 or email the documents to you?', 'No, we cannot verify your I-9 supporting documents remotely. For the safety of your identity, please do not email scanned copies of your Section 2 documents. Please bring original documents to the Student Employment Office once you arrive. Our office will be open during move-in week.', 'How can I view my paystubs?', "To view your this year's paystub history, go to Workday and search\xa0“My Payslip”\xa0in the search bar. To access paystub history prior to this year, please navigate to Student Hub → Resources → Financial Services → Student Employee Self Service, and search “Pay Slips”.", 'Why am I unable to submit a timesheet?', 'Students are paid on a bi-weekly pay schedule. Every pay week, the timesheet will be temporarily locked for processing payroll. If you have trouble entering time, please try again on Friday. Make sure you enter your hours by 10 AM Sunday morning every week so you can get paid on time.', 'Can I keep my part-time job while going on Co-op?', 'If your Co-op position is on-campus, please make sure you receive approval from your Co--op advisor regarding any possible program restrictions and communicate closely with both your Co-op supervisor and part-time supervisor, and make sure they are aware of your other on-campus positions and hours entered. There will be overtime charges if your total hours (Co-op + part time) exceed 40.', 'Contents', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure Student Employment has made some important changes to our e-mail communications. Our office has implemented the new, user-friendly\xa0Student Financial Services Inquiry Form, and is now available in the self-service portal.\xa0Read more about this transition and what it means for you.', 'Updates to the Student Employment Contact Procedure']